hey guys so I didn't twist it um I got a
chance to talk to shiny David big girl
the actual founder of kinky curly and I
know everybody are a lot of people act
that you could do a twist out using key
terms and s fish is bad before it I
never do that I thought it was just more
of a defining your curl product
so yesterday I did twist and I use for
kinky curly kinky curly curling custard
so I just put my hair in section I
didn't show the twist part only because
I feel like it but I just have my hair
in four sections and each section I just
apply keep curling through and through
and now I'm going to take them out
so the other twist out you can choose to
leave it like this if you don't you know
if you like there's a flatter look but I
know so I want to separate each piece
into two just like a den mother to
company that's so far I do like it last
night when I didn't when I do my twist
it seemed like it left to warm my name
instead I was having it shrink up I
don't know I was be able to do them
during the day and then it dry like I'm
her dryer and that's we've gone on wet
they would have like wrinkled up and
right back so just out what doesn't have
more length to it they also have of the
loft and if I had that gloss I will put
a little bit on my fingertips and then
separate them like that and that would
eliminate from me any frizz and add
shine so instead I'm fighting am using
my shaker
but if this fully separated and fluffed
out
that's why I just took a little bit of
my shea butter and you know put on my
tips but I separate it so it's nice and
shiny it was nice and shiny either
without my shea butter or anything else
add it to it we're just gonna go on this
my roots just a little bit just right up
in here
[Music]
so um may or may not show how I'm
maintaining I don't know
I mean basically all I'm going to do is
put on a bonnet so so quick I'll be
taking pictures and disgusting Hollis
you